You once criticized me for not having photos from my previous relationships. You said “it’s nice to see people have been in happy relationships.” I admit, it’s never been a malicious thing but so frequently do I opt out of displaying photos from failed relationships. I think I have often found myself looking for love. I think in a lot of ways that’s why a lot of my romantic endeavors never quite worked out. If you met me in October and asked me what I was looking for as we so frequently do, I wanted to be single. I had a rough year — and I wanted to take some time to myself to go through whatever I was thinking or feeling without the regard of how that might look to someone else. In November, I met someone. By December she made me forget that I even had a plan for myself. And by January, I learned that she was moving back home to Australia. The last few months have been nothing shy of what honestly feels like an episode of 90 day fiancé full of laughter, spontaneity, bad attempts at the Australian accent, falling off bar stools at Rocka Rolla, and above all, love. It’s a strange thing to approach a relationship fully knowing that it is going to end. I guess all relationships at some point in time end by choice or by death. But yet, we often find ourselves with blind romanticism with this idea of forever. But seeing Nina, despite the fact that our situation was perhaps unfavorable to my own selfish interests, and no matter how easy or difficult it was on certain days, I was a part of a relationship and above all, a friendship that I’ll never forget. You’ve taught me so much about myself in such a short window of time and I’ll forever be in debt to you.  Each night that Nina and I spent together going back to the first (okay second) night, we would take the subway into NYC for work the next morning where I would get off the train just one stop sooner than she did. Nina and I met on November 6th, 2019. Since that night(okay, second night), we found ourselves going together work together every morning where I'd get off the subway just one stop sooner than she did. I didn't realize it at the time or really had a plan to be doing any of this. But I have taken over 40 photos of her from what has always felt like, one stop too soon.